 He was sitting there beside me
                      Throwin' doubles down when he ordered up his third
                      He looked around, then he looked at me
                      And said I do believe I oughta have one more.
                      I hate this bar and I hate to drink,
                    But on second thought, tonight I think I hate everything.  Then he opened up his billfold and threw a 20 down 
                      And a faded photograph fell out and hit the ground 
                      And I picked it up he said Thank ya bud. 
                      I put it in his hand, He said I probably oughta throw
                      This one away, 'cause she's the reason I feel this way,
                      I hate everything. I hate my job, and I hate my life.
                      If it werent for my two kids, I'd hate my ex-wife.
                      I know I should move on and try to start again,
                      But I just can't get over her leaving me for him.
                      Then he shook his head and looked down at his ring,
                      And said I hate everything. He said, That one bedroom apartment where I get my mail,
                      Is really not a home, it's more like a jail,
                      With a swimming pool and a parking lot view. Man, it's just great! I hate summer, winter, fall, and spring,
                      Red and yellow, purple, blue and green.
                      I hate everything. I hate my job, and I hate my life.
                      If it werent for my two kids, I'd hate my ex-wife.
                      I know I should move on and try to start again,
                      But I just can't get over her leaving me for him.
                      Then he shook his head and looked down at his ring,
                      And said I hate everything. So I pulled out my phone and I called my house
                      I said Babe, I'm coming home we're gonna work this out.
                      I paid for his drinks and I told him Thanks!
                    Thanks for everything...  