 There's a melody in my head,
                      An' I ain't stopped hummin' it since I saw your face.
                      There's a feelin' I can't forget,
                      It started with you kissin' me that way.
                    An' there's no end in sight.  Like an Oklahoma wheatfield growin',
                      You got my heart in motion: gone.
                      I'm the pinks an' you're the reds,
                      Just like the sunset; we belong.
                      An' there's no end in sight.  How high is the sky?
                      How long is time?
                      With you is how I'm spendin' mine.
                      Like there is no end in sight.
                      I wanna laugh, I wanna live.
                      I'm gonna love you like there is,
                      Like there is no end in sight.  So kick your shoes off, stay a while,
                      There's nothin' here but stars for miles, an' me.
                      We're standin' on the edge of somethin',
                      Not afraid of jumpin' in deep.
                      An' there's no end in sight.  How high is the sky?
                      How long is time?
                      With you is how I'm spendin' mine,
                      Like there is no end in sight.(Is no end, is no end in sight.)
                      I wanna laugh, I wanna live.
                      An' I'm gonna love you like there is,
                      Like there is no end in sight.(Is no end, is no end in sight.)  I'm gonna love you like there is,
                      Like there is no end in sight.(Is no end, is no end in sight.)
                      I'm gonna love you like there is no end in sight.  (I wanna laugh, I wanna live.
                      (An' I'm gonna love you like there is,
                      (There is no end, is no end, is no end in sight.)  There's a melody in my head,
                    An' I ain't stopped hummin' it since I saw your face.  