 Well, Mamma was exhausted after she had me.
                      Took two nurses to hold me an' one nurse to slap me.
                      Doctor turned Mamma an' he shook his head,
                      Wiped the sweat off his brow an' then he said:
                      "This boy's way off the charts as far as I can tell.
                    "Ooh, brrr, Mamma: he's a double XL." By the second grade, I was five foot two;
                      Fifth grade, I was wearin' a size 12 shoe.
                      Eighth grade, I was shoppin' at the Big & Tall,
                      An' the coaches had me playin' High School football.
                      Uncle Roy said: "Boy, you'll make the NFL:
                    "Ooh, brrr, son you're a double XL." Double XL, double XL.
                      Don't call me on the 'phone, just ring my dinner bell.
                      Double XL, double XL.
                      I'm a lean mean love machine that likes to be held.
                      Ooh, brrr, baby: I'm a double XL. Here we go.
                      Country cuties in Texas, string bikinis in Florida;
                      Barbie dolls drivin' Lexus' out in California:
                      A skinny little pretty boy ain't what they wanna hold.
                      They want a real man with meat on his bones.
                      I'll yank their yankees, ring their southern bells:
                      They say: "Ooh, brrr, we love a double XL." Double XL, double XL.
                      Don't call me on the 'phone, just ring my dinner bell.
                      Double XL, double XL.
                      I'm a lean mean love machine that likes to be held.
                      Ooh, brrr, baby: I'm a double XL. Instrumental Break.
                      (Double XL solo.) Well, double XL, double XL.
                      Don't call me on the 'phone, just ring my dinner bell.
                      Double XL, double XL.
                      I'm a lean mean love machine that likes to be held.
                      Ooh, brrr, baby: I'm a double XL. Well if you have any doubts, come see for yourself,
                      Why all the girls love a double XL.
                      Ooh, brrr, yeah: I'm a double XL.
                      Yeah, oh whoa. Triple X-L, too. 