 All he could think about was:
                      "I'm too young for this.
                      "Got my whole life ahead.
                      "Hell, I'm just a kid myself:
                      "How 'm I gonna raise one?" 
                      All he could see were his dreams,
                      Going up in smoke.
                      So much for ditchin' this town,
                      An' hangin' out on the coast.
                    Oh well, those plans are long gone. And he said: "There goes my life.
                    "There goes my future, my everything. 
                    "Might as well kiss it all good-bye:
                    "There goes my life." A couple years of up all night,
                      An' a few thousand diapers later.
                      That mistake he thought he made,
                      Covers up the refrigerator:
                      Oh yeah, he loves that little girl. An' Momma's waiting to tuck her in, 
                      As she fumbles up those stairs.
                      She smiles back at him,
                      Dragging that teddy bear:
                    "Sleep tight." Blue eyes and bouncing curls. An' he smiles: "There goes my life
                    "There goes my future, my everything." 
                    "I love you, Daddy, goodnight."
                    "There goes my life." She had that Honda loaded down,
                      With Abercrombie clothes,
                      An' and fifteen pairs of shoes,
                      An' his American Express.
                      He checked the oil and slammed the hood,
                      Said: "You're good to go."
                      She hugged them both,
                      An'd headed off to the west coast. An' he cried: "There goes my life.
                    "There goes my future, my everything. 
                    "I love you, baby, good-bye.
                    "There goes my life.
                    "There goes my life.
                    "Baby, good-bye." Fades.   