 At a table for two with a romantic view,
                        He said: "there’s somethin’ that you need to know.
"i don’t usually date, so if I hesitate,
"it’s that I’m takin’ it slow."
He said: "darlin’, I don’t want to hurt you,"
                        As he gently reached out for her hand.
                        She laughed as she picked up her menu,
                    And said: "mister, you don’t understand. "i’ve been loved, I’ve been left.
                    "i’ve been wronged by the best.
                    "i’ve had hopes that were shattered in two.
                    "i’ve heard promises spoken,
                    "i’ve had dreams left so broken,
                    "there was no chance they’d ever come true.
                    "it ain’t easy to see by looking at me,
                    "but there’s no hell I haven’t walked through.
                    "if you’re worried, that’s fine,
                    "but this heart of mine’s,
                    "been broken by better than you." When dinner was done, she said: "i had fun."
                      As they walked to her door, he smiled.
                    "he said: "it’s only ten, could I come in? 
                    "maybe we could just talk for a while."
                      She said: "honey, I know what you’re after,
                    "and as much as I’d like you to stay.
                    "nothing good ever lasted,
                    "when it gets started that way." "i’ve been loved, I’ve been left.
                    "i’ve been wronged by the best.
                    "i’ve had hopes that were shattered in two.
                    "i’ve heard promises spoken,
                    "i’ve had dreams left so broken,
                    "there was no chance they’d ever come true.
                    "it ain’t easy to see but take it from me,
                    "there’s no hell I haven’t walked through.
                    "an’ I won’t cross that line,
                    "’cause this heart of mine’s,
                    "been broken by better than you." "no I won’t cross that line,
                    "’cause this heart of mine’s,
                    "been broken by better than you."

  