 I’m sittin’ in this cafe,
                      People talkin’ so loud I can’t hear myself think.
                      That’s not a bad thing.
                      The coffee keeps on coming,
                      The waiter who keeps smilin’ as I’m ridin’ on a river of caffeine,
                    An’ that’s not a bad thing. I used to feel sorry for someone like me,
                      In a corner booth pretendin’ to read on a friday night.
                      I used to say: "it just ain’t right."
                      How could anybody ever have any fun,
                      Without somebody, without someone? 
                      It never dawned on me,
                      The possibility,
                      That it’s not a bad thing. Those naggin’ thoughts about you,
                      How I left without you tonight:
                      You know, they’re few and far between.
                      The waiter’s name is joey, he told me,
                      And that’s when I noticed he ain’t wearing any ring.
                      An’ that’s not a bad thing. And there is a tug on the edge of my heart,
                      It’s you again sayin’: "don’t you start lettin’ go of me."
                      But I ain’t listenin’.
                      For once in my life, I’ll feel what I feel,
                      Let it be, let it be real.
                      Let it flow through me,
                      An’ wash me clean.
                      That’s not a bad thing. As I’m drivin’ home, I’m thinkin’,
                      The worst might be over,
                      Or maybe I’m a little bit naive.
                      But the street lights seem brighter,
                      As I walk to my front door,
                      And I’m all alone when I turn the key.
                      An’ that’s not a bad thing. I used to feel sorry for someone like me,
                      In a corner booth pretendin’ to read on a friday night.
                      I used to say: "it just ain’t right."
                      How could anybody ever have any fun,
                      Without somebody, without someone? 
                      It never dawned on me,
                      The possibility,
                      That it’s not a bad thing.
  