 American girls and American guys, will always stand up and salute.
                      We'll always recognize, when we see ol' glory flying,
                      There's a lot of men dead,
                      So we can sleep in peace at night when we lay down our heads.
                      My daddy served in the army where he lost his right eye,
                      But he flew a flag out in our yard 'til the day that he died.
                      He wanted my mother, my brother, my sister and me.
                    To grow up and live happy in the land of the free. Now this nation that I love is fallin' under attack.
                      A mighty sucker-punch came flying in from somewhere in the back.
                      Soon as we could see clearly through our big black eye,
                      Man, we lit up your world like the fourth of July. Hey, Uncle Sam put your name at the top of his list,
                      And the Statue of Liberty started shaking her fist.
                      And the eagle will fly and it's gonna be hell,
                      When you hear Mother Freedom start ringing her bell.
                      And it'll feel like the whole wide world is raining down on you.
                      Ah, brought to you, courtesy of the red, white and blue. Instrumental break. Oh, justice will be served and the battle will rage:
                      This big dog will fight when you rattle his cage.
                      An' you'll be sorry that you messed with the U.S. of A.
                      'Cos we'll put a boot in your ass, it's the American way. Hey, Uncle Sam put your name at the top of his list,
                      And the Statue of Liberty started shaking her fist.
                      And the eagle will fly and it's gonna be hell,
                      When you hear Mother Freedom start ringing her bell.
                      And it'll feel like the whole wide world is raining down on you.
                      Ah, brought to you, courtesy of the red, white and blue. Oh, oh.
                      Of the red, white and blue.
                      Oh, hey, oh.
                      Of my Red, White and Blue.  