 The moment was custom-made to order:
                      I was ridin' with my daughter on our way back from Monroe.
                      An' like children do, she started playin' twenty questions,
                      But I never could've guessed one would touch me to my soul. She said: "Daddy, when we get to Heaven, can I taste 
                      the Milky Way?
                      "Are we goin' there to visit, or are we goin' there 
                      to stay?
                      "Am I gonna see my Grandpa? Can I have a pair of wings?
                      "An' do you think that God could use another Angel,
                      "To help pour out the rain?" Well, I won't lie: I pulled that car right over,
                      An' I sat there on the shoulder tryin' to dry my misty eyes.
                      An' I whispered: "Lord, I wanna thank you for my children.
                      "'Cause your innocence that fills them often takes 
                      me by surprise." Like: "Daddy, when we get to Heaven, can I taste the 
                      Milky Way?
                      "Are we goin' there to visit, or are we goin' there 
                      to stay?
                      "Am I gonna see my Grandpa? Can I have a pair of wings?
                      "An' do you think that God could use another Angel,
                      "To help pour out the rain?" Well, I thought about it later on,
                      An' a smile came to my face.
                      An' when I tucked her in to bed,
                      I got down on my knees an' prayed. Lord, when I get to Heaven, can I taste the Milky Way?
                      "I don't wanna come to visit 'cause I'm comin' home 
                      to stay?
                      "An' I can't wait to see my family and meet Jesus face 
                      to face.
                      "An' do you think, Lord, you could use just one more 
                      Angel,
                      "To help pour out the rain?" Mmmm, can I help pour out the rain?

  